AMLII-1359: Adds a local docker-compose env to test JMXFetch inside the agent (#504)
DataDog/jmxfetch: README.md

If you set the system property `-Djmxfetch.filelinelogging=true`, this will enable all log output to
include the line number which emitted a given log.

### Local Testing
You can utilize the provided testing server `misbehaving-jmx-server` with the

> preset `./docker-compose.yaml` file. This will run two containers, one is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preset `./docker-compose.yaml` file. This runs two containers, one is the
```
